In recent years, the use of technology and digital resources have influenced how people interact with one another. Examples such as Google Translator, Google, and YouTube have become more commonplace in our day-to-day lives, making it increasingly easy to influence someone without having to use physical examples. However, there are still many other ways to influence someone without relying on examples, such as verbal communication and body language.   Verbal communication and body language are still effective means for conveying thoughts, feelings, and intentions. Through the use of words, facial expressions, and gestures, people can easily communicate their desires to one another without being constrained by the need to provide examples or visuals. Even when someone may not understand the language of the speaker, these other forms of communication can still serve to influence.   While technology and digital resources are convenient and often times helpful when trying to influence someone, they should not be relied upon as the only means. There is much to be said for considering other options such as verbal communication and body language, as the impact they have on the listener should not be trivialized. By understanding the many ways in which we can influence someone, we can better equip ourselves with the knowledge and resources needed to effectively communicate our ideas and intentions without using tangible examples.
When planning a day out with friends, its important to consider all the necessary details to ensure a successful and enjoyable experience. In this case, five friends must decide which park to visit, make a decision, vote on it, remember to bring a camera, and plan activities once they reach the park. Here are some tips on how to accomplish each of these tasks effectively.  First, the friends should discuss their preferences and what they are looking for in a park. Some may prefer a park with lots of green space and walking trails, while others may prefer a park with more activities like a playground or a pool. By discussing their preferences, the friends can narrow down their options and make a more informed decision.  Once the friends have decided on a park, they should vote on it. This is a fair and democratic way to ensure that everyones voice is heard and that the decision is made based on a majority vote. Its important to respect each others opinions and make a decision that everyone can agree on.  In addition to voting, the friends should also remember to bring a camera. This will allow them to capture the memories of their day and have something to look back on in the future. They should decide whose responsibility it is to take the photos, whether its one person or if they will take turns.  Finally, the friends should plan activities to do once they reach the park. This will ensure that they make the most of their time and have a productive and enjoyable experience. Some ideas for activities include playing frisbee, having a picnic, or going for a hike.  In conclusion, planning a day out with friends requires careful consideration of all the necessary details. By discussing their preferences, voting on a decision, remembering to bring a camera, and planning activities, the friends can ensure a successful and enjoyable experience.
Hey, Im like totally stoked to be writing this essay for my English class! 😃  So, the prompt is like, research and compare the advantages and disadvantages of working independently and in a group. Like, think about how it affects learning, productivity, communication, and accuracy. And then, like, formulate an opinion on which one is better and provide evidence to support it. 🤔  Okay, so lets start with working independently. Like, I think its pretty cool that you can like, work at your own pace and stuff. You can take breaks whenever you want, and you dont have to worry about like, bothering anyone else. Its like, super flexible and all that. Plus, you can like, focus on your own stuff without anyone distracting you. 💭  But, like, there are also some downsides to working independently. For example, you might not have anyone to like, bounce ideas off of or ask for help when you need it. And sometimes, its hard to stay motivated when youre working alone. Like, you might get bored or lose interest in the project. 😴  Now, lets talk about working in a group. Like, I think its pretty cool that you can like, collaborate with other people and learn from them. You can share ideas and come up with stuff together. Its like, super social and all that. Plus, you can like, motivate each other and stuff. 🤝  But, like, there are also some downsides to working in a group. For example, sometimes people can be like, super annoying or not listen to what you have to say. And it can be hard to like, come to an agreement on stuff. Like, you might have different ideas and it can be hard to find a compromise. 🤔  So, like, in my opinion, working in a group is better than working independently. Like, you get to learn from other people and collaborate on stuff. And you can like, motivate each other and stuff. Plus, its super fun to work with other people and brainstorm ideas together. 💡  But
I believe that driverless cars are and are going to be a great piece of technology development.  Driverless cars could give us a life changing future.  Driverless cars may sound questionable to some people but, I believe they could be safer than our vehicles today.  Google, BMW, GM, Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan have been working on creating safe, driverless vehicles for the last 10-15 years.  How far they have come in just this short amount of time amazed many people.  How far they are still planning to come will blow some people away.  Sensors alone have come a long way in just the past 10 years.  They are built to detect danger and respond to danger in possible accidents.  What the sensors can detect is far better than the response and control of a human driver  (ParaG 5).  The car is not totally driverless. I find this to be a plus for driverless cars.  Because technology is not always reliable, humans do need to assist with some of the things that technology cant be reliable for.  Just in 2013 BMW announced the Traffic Jam Assistant.  Then it could drive up to 25 mph.  Only going 25 mph, the car requires the driver to hold onto the wheel.  All the vehicles are designed to warn or notify the driver when it needs humans skills.  Companies are coming up with many ways to inform the human that assistance is needed.  Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009.  Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash (ParaG. 2).  Human drivers today have crashes daily.  No matter what, everytime someone gets in a car they are putting their life in danger. I believe that with the new technolgy advances in driverless cars, the number of car crashes would decrease tremendously.  Overall I believe that the advances for driverless vehicles have come so far in their development in just a short number of years. I think that driverless vehicles will be a safer and more efficient way of driving for our future.  They will be saving lifes daily, and saving money in the long run.                                          
Dear Principle,  I think that all students should be required to perform community service. Some example or reasons that I think that students should be required to perform community service is that helping the world using community service is great. This will help the environment and help the world. This is why I think that this will help the environment and the world. This is because this will help the world not be a nasty world. This will also help clean up litters and help recycle to reduce killing animals, and polluting the world. Another reason why is that this will help what you can do when you have nothing else to do. This will be great if everyone can help each other to make the world a better place. My last reason why is that doing this can also reduce people from littering and other things because they will see how bad it will be if we didnt do this community service. People will also see us as heros because we will be able to save the environment. This is why i think that all students who wants to take charge of making the world a better place, should be part of a community service and why we should require a community service.
if we go to the second planet from the sun the gravity would be more tense and would have different affects on humans. the gravity on venus would pull them down more than earth because it is closer to the sun by two planets away. but we also need to think about the air and the atmosphere because if we just go there then we might die. the air on venus is un supportive to humans and the water is not there or it might be a type of water that if you drink it it will kill you. the storms on venus are acid storms, the rain is acid. so i think the only reason why the author is saying that venus is a challenge is because not only the facts above. but also that the fact is that on the serface, temperetures average over 800 degrees fahrenheit. and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we humans experience on earth. so he also might be saying that it might be a challenge because if we take a rocket, it might be torn apart if we dont have the right mesurements.
Most people might suggest to keep the electoral college work. Yet some other people dont. The method Winner-Takes-All is only fair enough, because why should the person who lost earn a reward , the people made their desicions, and whoever lost, goes back home.  Keeping the Electoral College also avoids problem of election, because once the votes are in, and they count the votes, there are no more talking but to accept the winner.  Winner Takes All, when competing in for election, its not right to share your reward with the opposing component. Once you win, you take it all. when election comes and the citizens vote, They are likely to be most thoughtful voters, on average(and for the further reasom that they will have recived the most information and attention from the candidiates), and the most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election. (source#3, paragraph 20). Although people may disagree and say Candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in theswing states.(source#2, paragraph 13). Yes, that may be true, but again, when the people vote, they only want what they want, no jokes.  The Electoral College is helping to avoid problems of election.    
I currently dont really like doing school online. The main reason i dont like schools online is because i used to do it myself. I didnt really learn form doing school online. One of the main reasons why i was doing school online was because my parents didnt like public schools. So for that being said other student might like it but me personally i dont.  School online may help others then going to actual school. Maybe the person is going through something in school. Doing school at home my be easier for some students, they probably learn quicker and probably finish school faster. Others may not work that way, some maybe work slower in school, so they wanna work at their own paste . Others may just wanna tryout school at home.  On the other note its good for schools to do that. If some students were going on a trip they could easily do school on the road. I would help them stay on track with the class. or maybe the student did something bad in school that it would lead them to do school at home. Oh and if a student gets sick to the point to where he cant come to school ,and it was something bad they would do school at home.  To be completely honest i dont like this idea at all. Its because i did it for a good old 3 years, and it was a bad experience for me. I wouldnt remand it, but if you where going through somethings then yeah go for it. I like public school better then doing school online because i like to ask questions and see it myself in person. Thats all i had to say, im not a fan of doing school online.       
Do you believe that at home classes are benefitial?  Persoanally I think that at home classes can be a good way to learn if the student uses the class correctly.  What I mean by this is that if the student takes the class seriously and actually does the work; and not just cheat on all of the assignments then yes they can be very benefitial for a couple of reasons.  But not everyone thinks that these classes are good by anymeans.  Some people even dispies a online class.  But that I believe just depends on the situation the person is in.  Distant learning classes can be benefit children who have disabilaties or autism, does not learn well by teachers lecturing, or has trouble making friends and getting along with other students.  The first reason that I think distant learning classes are a good thing is if a person has a disabilitie.  These classes would benefit this person in a couple of ways.  The first being that the child would be able to stay in the comfort of his or her home and still be able to take his class.  This could relieve a lot of stress off of the person because they would not have to react with as many people as they would at school.  Just the other day I was talking to a friend with autism and he informed me that having stress while being autistic can be very bad for you and that his doctor highly suggest that he has little to no stress.  And everyone knows how much stress is caused by having to get up everyday before seven oclock to come to school.  To add onto that the amount of work that teachers cram into one day is readiculous and personally with me taking online classes you do not nearly have as much work in one day.  Not that you do not have the same amount of work it is that it is just spread out throughout the course and not everything crammed in one day.  Another way that it can help a person with a disability is if that person is seriously injuried and it causes a huge strain on the body for them to get up and come to school.  They would not have this if they can lay in their bed and do their work.  Another thing that is possible is that the student does not learn well by being lectured to or by learning from someone else.  It would benefit them because they get to move at their own pace and be able to teach themselves the information.  I know many people that can not stand to sit infront of a teacher and hear them talk for fifty minutes or however long your class is.  I can defenitly relate to this because me being an eleventh grader at Generic_School i personally take online and inclass classes.  And for mean I learn and do much better in an online class.  This is because it is very easy to get distracted by anything while sitting in class and lose your focus.  But for an online class you can mainly do the work whenever you want so you can make sure you are focused and ready to go whenever you start working.  If this is the case than online classes are perfect for you and I would highly reccomend them.  But many people say that an online class is horrible and not worth your time.  They say this because like I said many people will take an online class and use it the wrong way.  If this happens the person is really not learning anything.  However more people would beneift from an online course if the person can not make friends or just has trouble getting along with people.  For example if the student has very bady anger issues and gets into a fight every week than obviously this student can not stay in the school enviorment.  Then in this case an online class is perfect for this student.  Because they do not have to react with anyone throughout the day if they do not want to.  Another good example is if the person is being bullied really bad at school which we all know happens everyday to someone at your school.  In this scenario the person ebing bullied needs to be taken out of this enviorment.  Because so many people die from suicide because they are bullids every year.  But you still do not want the person to get behind from his or her class and cause them to not graduate when they are suppose to.  Which is why an online class is so perfect because you can surround yourself with only people who love and support you and never have to see those people who were so mean to you.  In conclusion distant learning classes are not for everyone and some people hate them.  But for those people that do like them or need them they help that person out tramendously.  And in the end the person will probably end up doing much better in that class then the in class one.  So many people benefit from an online class and no one even sees this so if you do not take an online class it is probably hard for you to understand why they are so good. They help people with disabilaties, people who do not learn great, and people who just have trouble making friends.  And their are hundreds or thousands of people like what i just mentiioned that would beneift from a online class majorly.   
Why should you join the Seagoing Cowboys program? There are many different reasons you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program. Some of the reasons you should join I am about to tell you.  The first you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program is so you could help people over seas and in other countries. A boy named Luke Bomberger got to do all of the things that you could be able to do, by joining the Seagoing Cowboys program.  The next reason you should join the program, is that you could get to see many unique places all over the world. A lot of people do not get to see some of the things that you could be able to see during the Seagoing Cowboys program. After the animals are unloaded and you have some free time, you could so site seeing and do all of it for free! Luke Bomberger got to do this while visiting many different countries for free. Now that is a once in a lifetime opportunity.  Another reason you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program is that you could travel all over the world for free! That is a once in a lifetime opportunity. You dont get to travel to places for free very often. Luke Bomberger had the chance to go to many different countries and see many different things in those countries.  The fourth reason you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program; is that when you are in the different countries and you have freetime over in those places, is that you can meet people and learn their about cutures. Luke got to go see and meet new people during his free time while people were still unloading the animals, and probably learned new things about those peoples cultures too.  One of the other reason that you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program is that you can learn a lot of survival skills on the ships that you are on. If you ever are a capatin of a ship in the Seagoing Cowboys program or in any program, is that you will already know how to control a ship, keep your ship members in order, and know what to do when you are on that ship. Luke Bomberger got to learn a few things on how to contol a ship and what to do when a storm hits and you sail right through the storm.  The sixth reason that you should join the program is that you could meet new people on the ship and get to know them. A lot of people do not have friends or just want to be more social. A way you could do that is by joining the program. After all of the animals are unloaded and you are heading back to your home to pick up more animals, you could play games with some of your ship members. Luke Bomberger got to meet new people and probably made some new friends while on some of those trips, even though he already had a friend that was going with him on the ships and things.  The last reason you should join the Seagoing Cowboys is that you can spend a lot of time with animals. After you are finished with the program, and you need to find a job, you could open a new farm and already know how to take care of most of your animals. When Luke was on the ship he already knew how to take care of the animals but he probable go to learn new things on how to take care of them.  Those are the reasons why you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program. You get to help people, see unique places, you could travel all ofver the world, you get to learn about peoples cultures, you can learn a alot of survival skills, you can meet new people on the ship and make friends, and you get to learn a lot about animals and how to take care of them. Those are some of the many reasons you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program.
Dear,  TEACHER_NAME  I think what your doing is wrong. First, students here at this school are barely learning anything. maybe a handful of students in each grade has a B average. Theres no way this plan will work. Maybe sports and other activities should be taken away if your going to make students have a B average to participate in sports and activities. But then again, it may push students to work hard and it may bring students grades up cause they want to participate in things. The best thing to do is to have the students take a vote. If that happens Im pretty sure this wouldnt work out in your favor. Many students wouldnt care about this policy because, they dont like school or any activities at the school, there coming to school to learn not to play. What your trying to do should be looked over my the board of education. Its not right to do this at this school. Kids are trying hard to learn but nothing is happening. Maybe you should work on getting students grades up before you try to raise a letter grade just for them to participate in school activities.  Sincerely,  STUDENT_NAME
Sure, here is an essay arguing against the idea of a four-day school week with two extra hours of school each day, written as if it were a class assignment by an average 8th grade student:  I think we should not have a four-day school week with two extra hours of school each day. I know some people think it would be good because it would give us more time to learn and do things we like, but I dont think its a good idea.  First, having two extra hours of school each day would be really hard for me and my friends. We would have to wake up early and stay up late, and it would be hard to keep up with our homework and other things we have to do. Plus, we would have to find something to do with all that extra time, and I dont know what we would do.  Second, I think it would be unfair to some students. Some kids have a lot of responsibilities at home, like taking care of little siblings or helping out with the family business. They wouldnt be able to do that if they had to go to school for two extra hours each day. And some kids dont have as much free time as other kids, so they might not be able to do extra things they want to do.  Third, I dont think we would learn as much if we had a four-day school week. We would have to cram all our learning into those extra two hours, and that would be hard. Plus, we might not be able to focus as well because we would be so tired from having to go to school for longer.  Finally, I think it would be bad for our social lives. We would have to spend more time at school, which would mean we would see our friends less. And we wouldnt have as much time to hang out with them outside of school.  In conclusion, I think having a four-day school week with two extra hours of school each day is not a good idea. It would be hard for some students, unfair, and bad for our learning and social lives. I think we should stick with the five-day school week and make the most of our time there.
I donÃÂ´t eat lunch at school and I donÃÂ´t pack my lunch. I disagree because we are in school for a long time,spend time with family, and after school responseibility.  First, we are in school for a long. Our schechedule says we get to school 7:00 and we get out of school at 2:30. Students get bored after a while and play games on their computer. Students donÃÂ´t like the schools lunch and some donÃÂ´t pack lunch.  Second, spend time with their family. Your family might have a fishing competion to see who caught the most fish and the biggest one. You might play board games with your family like Uno,Checkers,and Twister. You might play video games with your family like Family Feud,Mario Kart 8,and Rocket League.  Final,after school responseibility. You might help your grandpa work on the car, or help your grandma with cooking. You might have to do chores like washing the dishes, do laudry, and fixing your bed. You might have a dog in a crate, or you might have to feed them and give them water.  In conculison, you might have chores to do, get bored in school,and might not see your mom or dad until saturday and sunday. Do you agree or disagree with my opinion ?
If it is not broken why should we fix it? The electoral college system has been with us for as long as we have had presidents and one flaw if going to make us scrap eveything? There are many ways to fix the electoral college and throwing the system in the trash should be the last resort.  Although the election of 2000 is an example of a problem that shoud be fixed it is not a reason to do away with the system.  To commence with, the electoral college is a fine system that has easily fixed flaws such as the election of George W. Bush versus Al Gore in which Gore won the popular vote while still losing the whole election. An obvious solution to this problem could be what Nebraska and Maine are doing and introducing proportional representation as opposed to the winner-take-all system. Also if we were to switch from the electoral college it would take citizens time to get used to the new stystem. Although the electoral college seems unreliable there is a certainty of outcome to it, while some people dispute over the outcome of the vote it is likely an arguement about the popular vote.  Although we have had the system for so long and it has been reliable and there are ways to fix it some people would still like to move away from it and create a new system.  If we were to shift from the electoral college to another way to vote what would we have, a voting system fully based on popular votes? no, because a popular vote system would rely too much on citizens being able to make informed decisions which would result in unreliable outcomes.  Henceforth, the electoral college is a reliable system with easily fixed flaws, therefore we should not fix or replace the system. If the electoral college was to be replaced there would be pandemonium as to what system shall replace it, how we will adapt to the new system, and if the system is an improvement or a step back in innovation and our future leaders.            
Dear Senator,  I am writing to express my opinion on the issue of the Electoral College system in the United States. As a high school student, I have been studying the pros and cons of this system, and I believe that it is time for a change.  The Electoral College system, which was established in 1787, was designed to ensure that smaller states had a voice in the presidential election. However, I believe that this system is now outdated and unfair. Under the current system, the candidate who wins the popular vote does not always win the presidency. This has happened five times in our nations history, including in the 2000 and 2016 presidential elections.  One of the main arguments in favor of the Electoral College is that it ensures that presidential candidates must win support from a broad range of states, rather than just focusing on densely populated areas. However, I believe that this argument is flawed. In reality, candidates often focus their efforts on a handful of swing states, while ignoring the needs and concerns of other states. This means that many voters are left feeling ignored and disenfranchised.  Furthermore, the Electoral College system can lead to situations where a candidate wins the presidency without receiving the most votes. This goes against the basic principle of democracy, which is that the candidate with the most support should win. As the National Popular Vote Interstate Compact states, The candidate who receives the most votes in the country should be elected president.  Another argument against the Electoral College is that it can lead to electoral deadlocks. In the event of a tie in the Electoral College, the election would be decided by the House of Representatives, potentially leading to political chaos.  I believe that the best solution would be to switch to a popular vote system, where the candidate who receives the most votes wins the presidency. This system would ensure that every vote counts equally, and that the president is elected by a true majority of the American people.  I understand that some argue that a popular vote system would lead to candidates focusing solely on densely populated areas, but I believe that this can be mitigated through reforms such as ranked-choice voting or proportional representation.  In conclusion, I urge you to consider the flaws of the Electoral College system and the benefits of a popular vote system. It is time for the United States to move away from an outdated system that can lead to unfair and undemocratic outcomes. Thank you for your time and consideration.  Sincerely, [Your Name]
Hey, so I was wondering, like, why do we gotta go to school every day? I mean, I know its important and stuff, but sometimes I just wanna chill at home and do my work there. Like, think about it, when were at home, we can take breaks whenever we want! And we can work on the computer, which is way easier than writing by hand. Plus, we get to stay with our fam, which is like, super comfy. And lets be real, school can be kinda stressful, so having that extra time at home can help us relax.  So, I did some research and found out that doing school work at home can actually be really beneficial. Like, did you know that taking breaks can help us learn better? Its true! Our brains need time to rest and process what were learning, so taking short breaks can actually make us more productive in the long run. And working on the computer can be way faster and more efficient than writing by hand. Plus, we can access all the resources we need online, like videos and articles, which can really help us understand the material better.  And lets not forget about the comfort level! Being at home can be way more comfortable than sitting in a classroom all day. We can wear our own clothes, eat our own food, and just be in our own environment. Its like, way more relaxed and chill. And if we need help, we can just ask our parents or siblings, which can be way easier than asking a teacher.  So, I think doing school work at home can be really beneficial for students. Its like, a win-win situation! We get to take breaks, work on the computer, stay with our fam, and be in a more comfortable environment. And who knows, maybe one day schools will have a work from home day and we can just chill in our PJs all day! 😂 (Just kidding, I think... 😅)
Title: The Benefits of Speaking Vietnamese: A Personal Perspective  Introduction:  As an 8th grader, I have always been fascinated by the idea of learning new languages. Recently, I conducted research on the top 10 hardest languages to learn and discovered that Vietnamese is one of them. Despite the challenges, I find the language intriguing and believe that speaking Vietnamese can offer numerous benefits, particularly when traveling. In this essay, I will explain how speaking Vietnamese can benefit people in different situations, describe how I taught a friend to speak Vietnamese, share a personal story about the languages impact, and summarize the overall points to explain why Vietnamese is a valuable language to learn.  Benefits of Speaking Vietnamese:  Research shows that speaking Vietnamese can provide numerous benefits, including improved cognitive skills, increased cultural understanding, and enhanced career opportunities. For instance, being able to speak Vietnamese can help travelers navigate unfamiliar places, communicate with locals, and gain a deeper appreciation of the culture. In addition, speaking Vietnamese can be advantageous in various professional settings, such as business or education, where knowledge of the language can provide a competitive edge.  Teaching a Friend to Speak Vietnamese:  I recently had the opportunity to teach a friend how to speak Vietnamese. At first, it was challenging to find the right words and phrases to use, but with practice and patience, my friend began to pick up the language quickly. I started by teaching basic phrases like hello, how are you?, and thank you. We practiced together regularly, and I provided feedback and encouragement to help my friend improve. Seeing my friends progress and being able to communicate with them in their native language was incredibly rewarding.  Personal Story:  One time, I traveled to Vietnam with my family, and not speaking the language made it difficult to navigate the country. However, when I was able to communicate with the locals in Vietnamese, it completely changed the experience. I was able to ask for directions, order food, and even make new friends. It was amazing how much more enjoyable the trip was when I could speak the language.  Conclusion:  In
Life has revolved around driving since the termination of World War II. In sources 1 and 4, the authors mention the populations inhabitants have greatly reduced or stopped car usage wholly voluntarily. While in sources 2 and 3, the cities have banned car usage on certain days. The advantages of limiting car usage include less pollution and increased accessibility to the entire city.  Pollution is an large issue in todays world. According to Rosenthal in source 1, passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some carintensive areas in the United States P5. The use of cars has created smog in many large cities. The 2009 Olympics in Bejing required the city to reduce car usage in order to clear the air. Those participating and attending the event were in danger of harming their lungs. The citizens of Bejing has already been noted to wear respirators and other devices to filter the toxins from the air they breathe. In this extreme case, it was mandatory to cut the usage of cars down. But in other cities, they have not reached this extreme and it can be easily prevented by limiting car usage. Duffer mentions the pollution in the skies of the global city of Paris has been noticeably decreasedP19. In another scenario of pollution in the atmosphere, the city has taken initiative to ban cars depending on the number of their license plate. Without the emissions from the cars, the air would be clean to breath and a better sight as well.  The new generation has grown up with cars yet when the time comes to obtain a license, they forgo the opportunity. Selsky says that without cars, the citys parks and sports centers have been heavily visited. The pedestrian walkways and shopping centers have also came in large numbersP28. Due to the abandonment of cars, upscale commerce and new restaurants were constructed. Rather than a large mall near some interstate or other large roadway, shopping districts have transformed into locations in which are near public transportation or in walking distance. Rosenthal shares an anecdote that outlines that public transportation, carpooling, and even walking have replaced the car for himself and his childrenP40. Public transit is not viewed down upon anymore, it is a smarter way of getting from one place to another. Carpooling isnt a desprete call, it is a resource that has become essential and benificial to both parties. A combination of carpooling, walking, and public transit makes the city much easier to access and explore.  The development of cities is no longer based on cars. It is now be based upon the access it will give to those without cars. Limiting the use of cars makes the city improved in many ways. Clean air and more efficient ways of transportation highlights that cars are no longer needed and limiting car usage will have even more advantages in the future.
Dear principal  I think that you should require students to perform community service.  It will help all elementary school students to do better on their school work. you can let students that are interested in this program to participate in it.  Students that do not want to participate, must let them do what they want.  Principal I will be part of this program and i will help those elementary school students.  you still have to ask the students that are interested if this program will affect their grades in school.  I will help you organize this program.  I will also bring as many tutors as possible.  I will try to make this program successful.  Many other students and parents are going to help us organize this program.  This program is going to help educate many elementary school students and make a good future for them.  I will do my best to make those students successful.  You should announce this program to the whole school so many people can participate.  We need as much students as possible.  Helping people is one of my hobbies.  We can also provide different interesting stuff that students can do during tutoring time.  We can provide sports and other things that they want.  We can make it as an after school program.  We should also provide buses to people that are going to stay.  Mr. Principal let me handle this program and make it ready for all students.  We should do our best to help those kids.  Parents can also help.  You can also ask for donations.  Mr. principal its my pleasure to help all students that need help.  sincerely: your student  Date: 2/15/11
Some people say that aim too high is not for them. This should be because people does not feel ready. Some people would want to aim high, but they do not want to know how would be the outcome. Although, some people think that aim too high is a waste of time, nevertheless, humans really need to set their aim too high to know if they would achieve their goals because some humans thinks that they are not prepare to aim too high and fail and some humans prefer to aim low and achieve their goals.  My first reason is that some humans thinks that they are not prepare to aim too high and fail. For example, if a person aim too high but fail that person would not feel good about him. Some times people who fail get depressed. If that is a humans who is a persistent person he would be trying more time. Until that person achieve their big goal. Also, that kind of people who are persistent that always keep trying that people one day they achieve all their goals. In addition,  the key to have a awesome overcome is to never give up and never stop.  My second reason is that some humans prefer to aim low and achieve their goals. People who do this are people that always want the easy thing. These people does not want to effort that much and achieve their goals. However, these people do not know the significant of have something that took a lot of efforts. In addition, some people may say that if they aim low they can achieve more things in the time a person that aim too high. Thats not the point, the thing is that every human have to effort to know the significant of never give up. Also, when humans has owned something by their own effort the valuate more what they had achieve.  In summary, humans really need to set their aim too high to know if they would achieve their goals. Some humans thinks that they are not prepare to aim too high and fail and some humans prefer to aim low and achieve their goals. Also, on these latest years humans has been lazy than doesnt want to effort to do big things and achieve it. Now humans really needs to efforts for something. Every human need to aim high and be scared of failing that something normal, but never give up always keep going.
Renewable energy is becoming increasingly important as the world begins to recognize the negative impact that fossil fuels have on the environment. However, there is a debate about whether we should transition from fossil fuels to renewable energy. In this essay, I argue that the transition to renewable energy is necessary and beneficial for our planet.  Firstly, renewable energy is sustainable and does not release harmful emissions into the atmosphere. Unlike fossil fuels, which are finite and contribute to climate change, renewable energy sources such as solar and wind power are renewable and do not produce greenhouse gas emissions. This means that renewable energy can help mitigate climate change and ensure a sustainable future for our planet. For example, Germanys transition to renewable energy, known as the Energiewende, has already reduced the countrys greenhouse gas emissions by 22% since 1990.  Secondly, renewable energy is becoming increasingly cost-effective. While the initial investment in renewable energy infrastructure can be expensive, the cost of renewable energy is decreasing over time. In fact, the cost of solar and wind power has fallen by over 50% in the past decade, making it more competitive with fossil fuels. Additionally, renewable energy creates jobs and stimulates local economies, providing long-term economic benefits.  Thirdly, renewable energy can increase energy security. Relying on local renewable energy sources reduces a countrys dependence on foreign oil and mitigates the risks associated with price volatility. For example, Swedens commitment to renewable energy has allowed the country to reduce its dependence on foreign oil from 77% to 27% since the 1970s.  Finally, renewable energy can improve public health. Burning fossil fuels releases harmful pollutants into the air, contributing to respiratory illnesses and other health problems. Renewable energy, on the other hand, produces no air pollution and can improve air quality. For example, a study by the American Lung Association found that transitioning to renewable energy in the US could prevent up to 12,700 premature deaths per year.  In conclusion, transitioning from fossil fuels to renewable energy is a necessary step towards a sustainable future. Renewable energy is sustainable, cost-effective, increases energy security, and improves public health. While there may be challenges to overcome, the benefits of renewable energy far outweigh the drawbacks. It is time for us to embrace renewable energy and make the transition to a cleaner, healthier future.
Dear TEACHER_NAME ,  I think that policy number 2 is a good policy because if you allow students to bring cell phones to school then they will not only use them in lunch or passing periods i think they will be using them in the classrooms too. I think that if you allow them to bring cell phones to school then they would start using them in class too and then they wont be able to learn anything if you allow them to bring them. Also, i think they would be using them all around the school and they dont turn them off they just put them on vibrate or they silent mode them. I think it would be good if they bring cell phones but then they might get too excited then theyre going to start using them every time, but i also think some should bring them because sometimes they need to call theyre parents after school but sometimes they could get out of hand. They can also be prank call people or they can cyber bully someone and i know that, that wont be good for our school. They wont be learning anything if you allow them to bring cell phones because maybe when they are taking test they text each other the answers or tell each other to help. I mean bringing cell phones isnt bad but what would the consequences be if you let them bring theyre cell phones? Well i think some of the consequences can be they can get lower grades, they can cheat, they can be using them in class or even cyber bully someone! I dont think they should because they will be using them all around the school and that will be a bad thing.  sincerely,  STUDENT_NAME :)            
 During the summer months, students often have the opportunity to learn and grow in different ways, such as gaining work experience, acquiring new knowledge from a book, or exploring different cultures. However, teachers designed projects may not always be the best fit for students summer learning experiences. Instead, students own project designs can help them better understand what they can do with their summer time and allow them to explore their interests and passions.  When the summer break begins, students have a lot of choices about what they want to do with their time. Some may choose to stay home, while others may travel or work at a place they enjoy. Each students summer break is unique, and their learning experiences can vary greatly. Teachers may not always be aware of what their students are doing during their summer break, which is why it is important for students to design their own project titles.  Halfway through the summer, some students may not have started working on their projects yet. If a teacher gives a student a difficult project title, such as After you read this book, what is your opinion and what did you learn from it? it can be stressful and lead to a rushed project with poor content. On the other hand, if a student can choose their own project title, such as Based on your summer experiences, what did you learn and how did it impact your life? it can be more interesting and easier to complete.  Students often want to learn something new and engaging during their summer time. They know what they enjoy and can create project titles based on their interests, such as animals, vehicles, or their own life experiences. This can lead to a fun and efficient project that they will be proud of.  In conclusion, while teachers may have the best intentions, students own project designs are often better suited to their summer learning experiences. By allowing students to choose their own project titles, they can learn from their interests and passions, share their experiences with friends, and complete a project that they can be proud of.
Hey there!  As an 8th grader, Ive learned that making wise decisions is super important for our personal growth and the people around us.  Researching how to make wise decisions, understanding the consequences of bad decisions, and exploring why seeking guidance from experts is beneficial are some of the things Ive learned.   Firstly, making wise decisions can help us grow as individuals. When we make good choices, we feel good about ourselves and our lives.  For example, choosing to study hard for a test can lead to better grades and more opportunities in the future.  On the other hand, making bad decisions can have negative consequences, like getting bad grades or even failing a class.  Thats why its important to think carefully before making a decision.  But decisions dont just affect us, they also impact the people around us.  When we make good choices, we can inspire others to do the same.  For instance, if we volunteer in our community, we can encourage our friends and family to do the same, creating a positive impact on our community.  On the other hand, making bad decisions can hurt the people we care about.  For example, if we make a decision that hurts someone else, they might not want to be around us anymore.  Thats why its important to think about how our decisions can affect the people we love.  Seeking guidance from experts is super beneficial because they have more experience and knowledge than we do.  For instance, if were trying to decide which college to attend, a guidance counselor can help us choose the best one for us.  They can also help us with big decisions like what career to pursue or how to handle tough situations.  By seeking guidance from experts, we can make better decisions and avoid making mistakes that might hurt us in the long run.  Lastly, its important to appreciate life because its short and can change in an instant. *looks out the window
Have you ever wondered if there are any other living things in the universe? Maybe some where in a far away place, maybe on our neighbor Mars. A picture surfaced during 1976 showing what looks like a face on Mars, people were saying that it is in fact a fact of aliens on Mars, but it could also be a landform.  First of all, the face in 1976 is much more noticable than it is in the most recent picture from 2001. Also, if it were a face were is the rest of its body? Is it just a huge head sitting in the dirt. As well, how would such a huge person fit on the planet? The pictures pixels come in at about 46 meters per pixel. Could a face really be that big. Conspirests can believe that it is proof there is other living things on Mars, but wouldnt finding something on Mars benifit NASAs budget?  NASA could be getting millions if not billions of dollars if they found other living things on Mars. Goverments would be preparing journeys and preparing astronauts to go investigate the face. Also, if NASA was hiding it from the public, the would lose more money because they could start fundraisers to help send people and robots to Mars. They would be credited world wide for their findings. The people who controled Viking 1 and 2 would gain publicity from their findings as well. Why would NASA hide something that could put so much money into research? They wouldnt, it cannoto be anything else other than a landform. Plus, wouldnt we see many other things surrounding the place.  If the face was really part of an extra terestrial civilization, why would they have just a face and no other things surrounding it. Wouldnt there also be a little person or something walking around the place. Some may say that they are all inside teh face, but then shouldnt there be a visible way of entry into the place. They cant just breach a wall and rebuild it every time they want to enter the place. The camera pixels in the most recent 2001 photo is 1.56 meters per pixel. That is shorter than most teenagers, The photo would cleary show some sort of person or another form of transportation in the photo. I personally doubt that the face isnt home to other people who live on Mars. I maybe wrong, but until I can see actual information showing that there is and photos, I don t believe it.  Maybe one day there will be a voyage to this face on Mars, but until then I belive that it is just a landform. Other people may believe what they want, but it looks exactly like a landform to me. There isnt enough facts to support it is something else, but unless there is a voyage to this place, then it will continue to be just a landform to me.
The summer break is a time of great importance for students. It is a time when students can relax, recharge, and prepare for the upcoming school year. However, some people believe that the summer break should be shortened. In this essay, I will analyze the benefits of the summer break for students and argue why it should not be shortened.  Firstly, the summer break is a time for students to relax and unwind. After a long school year, students need a break from the stress of academics and extracurricular activities. This break allows students to recharge their batteries and come back to school in the fall with a renewed sense of energy and focus. Shortening the summer break would not give students enough time to fully relax and recharge, which could lead to burnout and decreased academic performance in the fall.  Secondly, the summer break is a time for students to pursue their interests and hobbies. Many students use the summer to take up new activities, such as sports, music, or art. These activities not only provide students with a sense of accomplishment and personal growth, but they also help students develop important life skills, such as teamwork, leadership, and problem-solving. Shortening the summer break would not give students enough time to pursue their interests and hobbies, which could lead to a lack of personal growth and development.  Thirdly, the summer break is a time for students to spend time with their family and friends. This time allows students to strengthen their relationships with loved ones and create lasting memories. It also provides students with a sense of security and support, which can be beneficial for their mental health and well-being. Shortening the summer break would not give students enough time to spend with their family and friends, which could lead to feelings of loneliness and isolation.  In conclusion, the summer break is a time of great importance for students. It provides students with a much-needed break from the stress of academics and extracurricular activities, allows students to pursue their interests and hobbies, and provides students with a time to spend with their family and friends. Shortening the summer break would not provide students with enough time to fully relax, recharge, and develop important life skills. Therefore, it is important that the summer break not be shortened.
I believe that zoos should continue to operate because they play a crucial role in conservation and education. Firstly, zoos provide a safe haven for endangered species where they can be protected from extinction. For instance, the black-footed ferret was once thought to be extinct in the wild until it was bred successfully in captivity at the Smithsonian National Zoo. This success story is just one example of how zoos can help save endangered species.  Secondly, zoos serve as an important educational tool for people of all ages. They offer unique opportunities for visitors to learn about different animal species, their habitats, and the challenges they face in the wild. Many zoos also have educational programs and workshops that teach visitors about conservation efforts and ways they can contribute to protecting wildlife.  Furthermore, zoos conduct valuable research that contributes to our understanding of animal behavior, health, and biology. This research helps us develop better strategies for conserving wild populations and managing captive ones.  However, I understand there are concerns about the welfare of animals in zoos. Its true that some zoos have faced criticism for poor living conditions or mistreatment of animals. But these cases are not representative of all zoos, and many modern zoos prioritize animal welfare and strive to provide spacious, naturalistic enclosures that mimic the animals wild habitats.  In conclusion, while there may be valid concerns about the operation of zoos, I believe that their role in conservation, education, and research outweighs these concerns. As long as zoos continue to prioritize animal welfare and work towards improving their practices, they should remain an important part of our efforts to protect and preserve wildlife.
Zoos are like super important for conservation and edukayshun! Some peoples say theyre cruel and we shouldnt have them no more, but I think theyre totes wrong.  First of all, zoos help us learn about animals and their habitats. Like, have you ever heard of a panda before? I know I havent! But thanks to zoos, we can see them and learn about their natural habitat. Its like, super important to know about the different species and how we can protect them.  Secondly, zoos help protect endangered species. They have breeding programs and stuff to help increase the population of animals that are dying out. For example, the giant panda (I love pandas, btw) is an endangered species, and zoos have helped increase their population. If we didnt have zoos, we wouldnt be able to see these amazing animals in person!  Another thing, zoos help us learn about animal behavior. Like, did you know that lions are social animals? I sure didnt! But zoos have observed their behavior and have learned that they live in prides. Its like, so cool to learn about how animals interact with each other.  And lastly, zoos are like, totes fun! They have like, all sorts of animals that we wouldnt be able to see otherwise. I mean, have you ever seen a giraffe in person? Its like, whoa! Theyre so tall and beautiful. And the zoos have animal encounters and stuff, so we can get up close and personal with the animals. Its like, the best thing ever!  So, yeah, zoos are like, super important for conservation and education. They help us learn about animals, protect endangered species, study animal behavior, and theyre just totes fun! We should totes keep zoos around! 😊
Hey, so Im totally stoked to be writing this essay about how to spice up the lunch menu in our school cafeteria! 🍔🥤 Like, lets be real, the same old burgers and pizza every day can get super old and boring. I mean, I love a good slice of pizza as much as the next person, but variety is key, you know? 🤔  So, here are some ideas for new lunch menu options that could be added three times a week to mix things up:  1. Fresh fruit smoothies! 🍓🥭 I know, I know, its not exactly a new idea, but its so easy and healthy! And think about it, its a great way to get some extra veggies into our diets. Plus, its just so refreshing and delicious! 🤤 2. Veggie wraps! 🥗 Like, instead of just having plain old turkey or ham sandwiches, why not offer some fun veggie options like hummus or avocado? Its a great way to get some more protein and fiber into our diets, and its just so versatile! 🥑 3. Quinoa bowls! 🥑 Quinoa is like, this superfood thats like, really good for you and stuff. And its just so fun to mix and match different toppings like veggies, nuts, and fruits. Its like, a healthy little salad in a bowl! 🥗 4. Falafel! 🥗 Like, have you tried falafel? Its like, this amazing Middle Eastern food thats made from chickpeas and spices. Its so flavorful and filling, and its totally vegan! 🌱 Plus, its just so fun to eat, like, in a pita bread with some tahini sauce. 🤤  And here are some ways to provide more fresh options like fruit:  1. Fresh fruit skewers!
If the students,would assist to class when theyre in their home using video conferences or be online i dont think well be a good idea because the students would no be doing that. Because if theyre lazy or they dont have how to go to school why they wont assist to a video conferences and been in the computer for a class. I dont think, the students would be studying well it wont be a good method of studying, and the teacher would not be there, literally helping the students teaching them how to do their work. The students can cheat in their work from class and then they would not learn anything what the teacher teach to him and to the students, and the teacher would not be able every time to help them in their work because, is a lot of students who need a lot of help sometimes, and i think the teacher would be busy with the other students. and the students would not assist to class because of that things.  The students need to learn about education and society because if they don have that in life after school would be hard to improve because they dont know how people can be,or maybe they wont like how their teacher are teaching them because they have ones in the computer in online they dont really know the teacher or whos teaching them or if its correct how they are teaching them because if you dont understand the teacher there is other teacher who can help you with it and solve your problems in school you have and like in my country you think school is your other house and the teacher are like you second mothers because they are teaching you like you parents teach to you  One time i was in a online class doing a video call and, the teacher wasnt there sometimes when i need help in my work. And it was like ten people in my class, it was very distracting because, everyone was talking at the same time in the video call. And i couldnt listen well to the teacher. Then i didnt learn well because she was busy. This was in summer school, it was just one month but in my opinion i didnt learn that much i learn more when i was in summer school but in a class room with the teacher and the students in side.  Must of the times their was students they would not there sometimes, and it wasnt like one or two sometimes was more. And the calls wasnt that much of stressful because it wasnt that much of students. And you can learn much better with out them because the teacher has more time for you. the students when they dont go to the class room in school must of the times is because, they dont like how the teacher teach to them but thats a really big problem. Some teachers know you skip their class or others, they dont want to explain you because the student is not there must of the times but the students need to learn in life some times you dont choose your things, like know in school your counselor can help you whit it, change the student with another teacher but when they go to college they do not have that option.  I dont thing is a good idea to have the classes online because when you go to school you learn about responsibility. And how you can improve in a good way how you are, how responsibility you need to be in life, have respect with other people, with your teacher and the other students. You can improve something you want to be after your done with school, like if you are good with society, you can learn in school that you can be a person who likes to talk a lot and you can choose in your life to be a reporter and in school theyre programs and classes you can choose, so you can learn more about it.  For been in school you make your life, your own decisions of what you want to be in a future. Find your hobbies your passions. You can make friends in school you can be in contact with them in your live. Know new people from other countries learn about their culture how their are. How people can be in different forms of attitudes and different types of people are in the world.  The programs of the schools at home are not good for people who likes to be in society wants to learn about other stuff, learn of how is society. You can learn about math,science,sports,everything you want but i think learning at school is a better idea for those people wants to really learn what they want to be. Thats why schools are for help, teach and have learn about education for your future.  In my conclusion, for me classes online is not a good idea i dont think students would be benefit being to attend classes from home because is not a good for them. If people lives far away from their schools or they dont have who can take them the Government or the community of the schools should still sending buses to pick up those students. They need to make a solution how students can came and have education. Because education is important in life and been in school it is great. Their is programs of school in house but i dont think is a good idea we need to be in society, we need people who can help us at the time we need, like in the class room teacher know how to teach to their students they studied for that. And going to school you have programs clubs if you like to be helping, studying, or doing sports, and know new people,learn things you event know about it, or improve your self for you or for your future. Classes online, if is just you and the teacher i think it would be good but still a problem their is not a lot of teachers can teach to every single student,and the students they wont know have a social life and know new people.
Dear Principal,   I am writing to you regarding the proposal for all students to be required to perform community service. While helping the community is a noble goal, I do not think mandatory service is the best approach. There are better ways to encourage volunteering that do not impose unnecessary requirements.  Requiring community service risks feeling like a chore or burden to some students. When volunteering is mandatory, it takes away the spirit of helping others freely and willingly. Some may feel resentful of having to give up their free time, rather than choosing to assist out of personal motivation. This could undermine the good intentions of service work.   Instead of mandates, a better option is to promote community involvement through leadership by example. Teachers and administrators could organize voluntary activities that students want to participate in. When students see how their efforts make a positive difference, many will likely wish to get involved of their own accord. Leading by example in this inspirational way fosters long-term participation and commitment to serving the neighborhood.  Offering opportunities, acknowledgement and praise for voluntary service could also motivate more widespread volunteering. Recognizing students contributions, whether through awards, positive feedback or publicity of their projects, demonstrates community support and encourages others to get involved. A system of positive reinforcement may achieve the goal of heightened participation without forcing anyone unwilling.   While the desire to give back to ones community through service is admirable, requiring it risks having the opposite effect. A voluntary, inspirational approach is more likely to cultivate sustained care and commitment to help those in need. For these reasons, I do not think mandatory service is the best policy, but hope alternative methods of encouragement will be considered instead. The well-being of the neighborhood is best served when students wish to help from their own initiative, not obligation.  Thank you for your consideration. Please let me know if you would like me to explain my perspective further.  Sincerely, [Your name]
Dear, state senator I think we should change to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. I think this because the Electoral College does not seem fair, the president that usually wins in popular vote loses to the vote for presidency, it is considered a non-democratic method for selecting a president, and it is all up to the electors of a candidate. The Electoral College should also be changed to popular vote because it is not the people who are choosing the president, it is the three electors sent from each different state.  The Electoral College should be changed to election by popular vote, because it is not fair to the candidates. This is because most presidents that win the popular vote section of the election then end up losing the presidential vote section, an example of this is when candidate Al Gore recieved the most individual votes when running against George W. Bush, but Bush won the electoral section, recieving two hundred and seventy-one against Al Gores two hundred and sixty-six. The Electoral college is also unfair to voters, because of all of the states winner take-all system of government, and in seventeen states they did not get a chance to see the candidates. Most people believe the Electoral College is outdated and irrational, a person named Bob Dole, believes that the Electoral College should be completely abolished. Another big problem in the Electoral College is segregationists who do everything to go against certain parties and their candidates, like the time in 1960 a group of segregationists almost succeeded in their effort to get rid of all democratic electors so that new electors would be opposed to John F. Kennedy.  The Electoral College should also be changed to election by popular vote, because people consider it non-democratic. This is because the voting is all up to the electors selected by each of the different states, meaning that the actual people of the state have no power in the election of the candidates for president. When the people of the state take their vote for the candidates they are actually voting for potential electors who will then go represent the selected candidate, this gives rise to problems like corrupt electors who are dishonest and using cheating tactics, also most states know that their votes will do nothing to help the candidates being represented, examples would be the Democrats in Texas and the Republicans in California. It is also believed that the Electoral College makes potential voters not want to vote at all and they end up not representing their candidates. And most people already have a certainty of the outcome of the election, meaning they already know who will win the election based on the number of votes so far in the popular votes section and the electoral section. The system of electors is also not fair because the people can not control who they are voting for has the electors, and the states number of electors are equal to the number of people on its congressional delegation, which gives big states an advantage over small states.  To conclude this letter, I again say that the Electoral College should be changed to election by popular vote because, popular vote is fairer then the Electoral College, the people have no power compared to the electors and the are subject to corruption with in the system.    
Seeking advice from multiple people when facing an important decision can provide significant benefits. By getting different perspectives on a situation, you gain a more well-rounded understanding of your options and their pros and cons. No single person has a monopoly on good advice, and different people will approach problems from unique angles.   Each person you consult brings their own life experiences, wisdom, values and frame of reference. What seems like an obvious choice to one may not be so clear cut when viewed through another lens. Discussing a dilemma with friends, family members, colleagues, mentors or experts in relevant fields exposes you to diverse viewpoints you may not have considered on your own. This helps ensure you dont miss important factors or make assumptions without realizing.   Relatedly, multiple viewpoints reduces the risk of being unduly swayed by a biased or inaccurate opinion. If different people draw similar conclusions after hearing all sides, their collective judgment is likely to be sound. But if viewpoints are mixed, it suggests complexities you need to carefully weigh yourself. Discussing trade-offs with others also pushes you to think through choices in a more methodical way, clarifying your own priorities in the process.   Finally, gaining confidence in a decision through cross-validation can empower better follow-through. By understanding how multiple trusted individuals analyzed a problem, you feel more invested in and committed to the eventual solution. This commitment strengthens your resolve to implement the choice fully and reduce second guessing later on. Overall, considering the expertise and experiences of various sources helps people make carefully deliberated choices they feel at peace with over the long run.
Dar TEACHER_NAME  I was informed that we at least need to have a grade B average in all of are class to participate in sports or other activities but most of the students have a grade C average. Is there some way you can change it. If you dont change it many students will be disappointed. Many students already told me that their parents are thinking of calling and unless you want to be getting phone calls all day by mad parents I would say you should change it. For many students sports and after school activities is what keeps them out of trouble. Also parents sometimes cant pick up there child/children after school and this gives parents time to pick them up and something for their child to do after school. Its another way student interact with each other. Most students become friends by doing stuff they have in common. This is a good way for students to try and get there grades up but for some students school is hard for them.
[Your Name] [Your Address] [City, State, ZIP Code] [Email Address] [Phone Number] [Date]  [State Senators Name] [State Senators Address] [City, State, ZIP Code]  Subject: Support for the Electoral College  Dear Senator [Last Name],  I am writing to express my support for the Electoral College in the election of the President of the United States. While some argue that the Electoral College is undemocratic and should be replaced with a popular vote system, I believe that the Electoral College has several important advantages that should be considered.   The first advantage of the Electoral College is its ability to provide certainty of outcome. Unlike a popular vote system where disputes over the outcome are more likely, the winner of the Electoral College invariably exceeds their share of the popular vote. This allows for a more streamlined and stable process, ensuring a clear winner in each election cycle.  A second advantage of the Electoral College is that it ensures that the President has trans-regional appeal. No single region has enough electoral votes to elect a President, making it necessary for candidates to have broad appeal across different regions. This prevents candidates with only regional support from being elected and ensures that the President represents the interests of the entire nation.  Another benefit of the Electoral College is its focus on swing states. The winner-take-all method of awarding electoral votes encourages candidates to campaign heavily in swing states. This prompts them to communicate their policies and listen to the concerns of voters in these key states. Consequently, swing state voters, who are more likely to be well-informed and thoughtful, have a greater impact on determining the outcome of the election.  Additionally, the Electoral College restores political balance to the weight of large states. While the popular vote may favor candidates who focus solely on the issues of densely populated areas, the Electoral College ensures that candidates devote attention to smaller states as well. This prevents large states from dominating the election process and ensures that candidates address the concerns of voters in both large and small states.  Lastly, the Electoral College eliminates the need for runoff elections. In cases where no candidate receives a majority of the popular vote, the Electoral College consistently produces a clear winner. This avoids the complexity and potential delays associated with runoff elections, providing a more efficient and decisive election process.  Some argue that the Electoral College discourages voter participation, particularly for individuals in states heavily favoring one political party. However, voter turnout in presidential elections remains high, suggesting that voters are motivated by the desire to express their political preferences rather than the belief that their vote will single-handedly decide the outcome of the election.  In conclusion, while there are criticisms of the Electoral College, I believe the advantages it provides in terms of certainty of outcome, trans-regional appeal, focus on swing states, balance for large states, and avoidance of runoff elections make it a valuable system for electing the President of the United States. It ensures fair representation of the entire nation and promotes a stable and decisive electoral process. Therefore, I request that you consider these factors when deciding the future of the Electoral College.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. I look forward to your continued efforts to promote the best interests of our state and our nation.  Sincerely,  [Your Name]
Dear Principal,  I heard that u were considering 2 new phone policies. I just wanted to give you my opinion on what policy you should consider. My opinion is to go with policy 1, because I think that students already have to go to school but they also should get to message or call friends or family about something very important. Like that for example what if a student wants to call his/her parents to go to their friends house to study or just to hang out. then their parents go and pick them up and end up not picking them up after all, so the parents just drove to their school for nothing. Thats why I think you should consider policy 1 so that same example wont happen. Heres another example what if a student has a dentist appointment but she doesnt know what it is at, but if she messages his/her parents to find out what time it is at so she can get all of her homework from all of their teachers. And i m sure students will actually listen to this new phone policy. One thing you should also think about is what are the punishments are going to be. Hopefully you are not to hard on the punishments if u choose policy 1. Well hope you greatly consider policy 1, because I would think that most of the students would like it if you choose policy 1. Well hope you choose policy 1.  Sincerely  STUDENT
As technology continues to evolve and education systems become more accessible, more and more students face difficult choices when choosing a career. This is especially true in countries with limited resources, where parents decide what career their children should pursue. This limits young peoples opportunities to break out of the cycle of working to make ends meet and prevents them from realizing their true potential.   For teenagers, it is important to think carefully as they make this decision for themselves. While a good education is generally essential for pursuing a successful career, job opportunities with and without a college degree or diploma may vary depending on the region and the resources available. It is also worth considering what job opportunities the United States may offer. These opportunities can be unique when compared with those in other countries and may provide different paths for teenage students to pursue their passions.   It is also important for teenagers to have the right guidance from their parents at a young age. Parents should take the time to listen to their children and understand their aspirations. By encouraging open conversations and dialogues, parents can provide valuable support and advice to their children as they enter this critical stage of their lives. Ultimately, this will help teenagers make informed and sound decisions, allowing them to identify and pursue a career that is more suited to their interests and goals.
I believe that the students should have to have a B average to be eligible for sports and other activities because they will improve their learning, it will motivate the students to work harder, and the policy encourages a more balanced life style.  Grades are very important because they measure l I think that students who do not have a B average or higher should be given a chance to improve their grade and seek help with subjects they have trouble with. If they fail to do so then they should not be allowed to participate in sports because the students should be spending most or all of their time studying and improving their learning.  Once the students improve their learning, it will be shown by their improved grade and only then should they be allowed to rejoin their sport or activity.  Also the threat of losing the privilege of participating in the activity or the need to become eligible to be in that activity again should inspire motivation for the children to work harder to earn better grades as well as inspiring their teammates to encourage them which promotes teamwork. This also helps the sports and activity teams themselves because only the kids who are really passionate about the sport will try to improve their grades and those who do not care about their teams will be less likely to stay on or be admitted back into their respective teams.  The requirement of a B average to participate in a sport also encourages a more balanced life style which is very healthy for the students. Having a balanced life style is essential for the students to be successful later in life and we should do as much as we can to encourage it.  The policy to disallow students with a grade average lower than a B is a great idea because it encourages learning, teamwork, working harder, and obtaining a more balanced life expression.
Decisions, Decisions  Nothing is worse than a problem that requires you to choose between multiple things. Sometimes you need a little guidance so you can stay on the right course. We cant view asking for help or advice as a weakness. We first need to observe the benefits. Wisdom, different perspectives and satisfaction are all reasons why seeking multiple opinions is so great.  Wisdom plays a big role in decision making.  There are people that have been through what you are going through, and can give you sound advice. This advice can be better than normal advice because not only do they understand the situation, they probably know what youve been going through on top of that. These people have learned from mistakes they have made, and know how to avoid them. Seeking an opinion from someone with experience will always be a sound decision.  We often count out people with opinions that arent similar ours, but we fail to realize the reason for varying perspectives.  When faced with a decision to make, no matter how small, our judgment can become clouded.  To another person who isnt dealing with that problem at first hand, things look a little clearer for them.  They can provide an unbiased opinion that you probably needed.  These people can also open you up to ideas that you hadnt even considered.  When its all said and done, sometimes we dont end up with the outcome we would have preferred. But knowing that you tried the hardest you could and exhausted every possible resource leaves you with a slight satisfaction. Seeking out multiple opinions may not have gotten you what you wanted, but you can move forward with this new information feeling better about yourself, and better about the future.  With all this new information, you can now face your problem head-on and know just what to do. Weve established that there are a multitude of benefits to seeking multiple different opinions.  Wisdom, different perspectives, and satisfaction.  Its now up to you to decide if utilizing this info is in your best interest. Making decisions can be tough but thats just my advice.
Distance learning was popular, and had so many students and parents chose instead of attend in class. It is convenient and highly support for students in many different way. In the other side, it has a limited things become disadvantage for students who taking classes at home such as communication to solve the problems, competition each other and experiences inspiration from teachers. Those are the most important things school offer to students. It is made valuable that distance learning never could gives to students.  The first and the obvious things that students would not benefit from distance learning is communication. Communication is the the person gives and exchanges information to the others, either verbal or non-verbal. For example, some students have watched video, and they still misunderstand and how would they figure out what they have learn, different teachers is different way to teach. Instead of video conferencing, school offers to students time to see teacher, professor to discuss their problems and find out what they were struggling with. That is why communication so important that distance learning can not offer to students.  The second advantage to being in class instead at home is competition. Competition is person versus or competitive with another person or group, each of which is trying to do better than all of the others. The best example is the one student in class got an highest score test, the others will do whatever it takes to get higher that score was. School always creating the competitive for students to participate, and that way makes students get more interesting at work help them to prepare for examination. That is the reason why competition is necessarily and advantage that distance learning would not have to offer students at home.  The last thing students could not get from online classes or video conferencing is the experiences and inspiration from teachers, professors. The experiences is the knowledge or skill gather from the pass; the inspiration is person with confidence and desire to do something that makes the the other people follow. During the class, not just the lesson from the math or English or Science, students would receive a life lesson from their teacher. Teachers could share the experience from their pass and motivation student who has the same the path, then students would not struggle with the same mistake they did. That was the most valuation that students can not get anywhere except in class.  Eventually, classes give students a lot of thing that they would not benefit from being at home. Attend to class offer students communication to easier solve their problems, created competition place for students and experiences inspiration from the teachers for students have a better way to learn. Those things that online learning students would never received. class is not just a lesson, it is also the small society that students should have before the real life. That was the reason why attend classes better than onine learning at home.
